Entrance Desk Staff $ "How're you today? Pretty blustery day outside, isn't it?
If you need anything, just ask anyone you see around the library. Or type 'help'
for more basic assistance."


User Experience Librarian $ "Ah, do you have a moment to help me? I can't seem
to find this book that the patron over there wants. Ah nevermind, I found it!
I wish I had more Escape Books that I could use to get out of these patron
encounters, but I used all of mine yesterday and haven't had a chance to look
around for more."


Head of Circulation $ "Can I help you?"


Reference Librarian $ "If you look around, you can find all kinds of items that
patrons have left. I always like trying to collect as many Stamina Potions as I
can, but that's just because I get exhausted easily helping all these patrons!"


Technology Librarian $ "No, no, you're not bothering me. I'm just defragging this
computer. You know, if you're looking for something, I think I saw a book over
there that looked to be out of place. I haven't had a chance to check it out
yet though."


None


None


None


Student Worker $ "Zzzzzzzzz." Try as you might, you
can't wake him from his slumber.


Student Worker $ "Hi, can I help you find anything down here? I'm just fixing
the books on these shelves, but feel free to browse if you're looking for something.
I wish I were working in the West Basement today, those materials are always far
more interesting to work with than these. But don't tell my supervisor that! I
don't want to come off as dissatisfied."


Student Worker $ "These materials are part of the backlog that we need to finish
cataloging. I've been looking for one particular book, but I can't seem to find
it. I think it was misplaced years ago, but if I could only find it, it would
go to great use. I heard someone important was looking for it." $ 
"That's the book! The Magic Book of Earth! Thank you so much!"


None


Electrician $ "Huh? Sorry, I couldn't hear you over all this buzzing. You can
look around if you want, honestly who knows what you might find in here!"


None


Reference Librarian $ "Nice day out, isn't it? Well it would be even better if
I could find that book I've been looking for! It's for a very important patron,
the Board Director, actually, and he's going to be quite angry if I can't find
it." $ 
"Oh! That's it! The Magic Book of Spirit. Thank you! I'll bring it right to the 
Board Director. You've been a huge help."


None


None


Digital Curation Librarian $ "Hey, come here and look at this project I've been
working on. Pretty cool, right? All that it needs is a few more tweaks and
features. Anyway, have you found any Magic Potions lying around? They're some
of my favorite to collect."


Media Specialist $ "If you're looking to get a movie or a video game, the shelves
are to your right. I'm rather busy at the moment, I've been looking for this book
that someone requested. But it's not where it should be, and I'm getting quite
frustrated." $ 
"Well, aren't you the helpful one? That's just the book I've been looking for, the
Magic Book of Lightning. I can just take that off your hands for you."


Cafe Worker $ "Medium coffee? And one of the donuts? I'll tell you what, if you
can bring me this book I've been searching for, I'll give you a free coffee AND
donut tomorrow." $ 
"That's the book! The Magic Book of Fire. Where did you find it? Well just remind 
me tomorrow about your free food."


None


None


None


Student Worker $ "Aren't all these books fantastic? I love shelving! This is great.
Hey, let me know if you come across a few dozen Bravery Potions, will you? I seem 
to be running out." 


Area Studies Librarian $ "The world is really becoming a smaller place these days,
isn't it? If only it were small enough for me to find this book that I've
searching for. I can't find it anywhere!" $ 
"Yes that's the book! That's the one I've been looking for! The Magic Book of Ice.
Thank you so much."


None


Writing Tutor $ "You have too many commas! Oh, sorry, I thought you were one of
my students again. No, I'm just waiting around here, helping people. There might
be some interesting things around if you take the time to search."


None


Mathematics Librarian $ "Yes, I am a fan of the quadratic equation. How did you
know? Well, if you're looking for Stealth Potions, there should be some scattered
around. I know I've seen a few today."


Custodian $ "So, have you found the four different types of potions and the two
different types of books yet? If you haven't, just talk to more people, and search
around some more."


None


Science Librarian $ "PHOTOSYNTHESIS IS THE TOPIC OF THE DAY. Oh, sorry. I didn't
mean to shout. I've just had a lot of coffee today. CHLOROPHYLL!"


None


None


None


None


None


Shelving Supervisor $ "Have you seen all eight of my student workers? I can't seem
to find them all..."


Music Librarian $ "La la di do dah. Oh! I didn't hear you. Yes, feel free to look
around my office, I have all sorts of stuff stashed around here that I'm sure I've
forgotten about!"


Art Librarian $ "Yes, yes, I can help you as soon as I finish with these students.
It might be a few minutes though."


Data Librarian $ "I love watching the storms roll in from up here. It's especially
pleasant when I have my special dark roast, freshly made. Actually, the only thing
that could make this better is if I had that book that I've been missing..." $
"Oh you found it! Thank you so much. This is now the perfect moment! The Magic Book
of Water!"


None


None


None


None


None


Literature Librarian $ "Have you seen the wide selection of foreign language
books we've been getting in lately? It's fantastic. We now offer books in hundreds
of languages, many which other libraries don't have! You should check them out, and
if you need help reading any of them, just let me know."


Student Worker $ "Can you come back later? I'm busy."


Student Worker $ "I'm just finishing rearranging these books. They were all out of
order. We had a patron come in last week who pulled over one hundred of these books
for research and then left after two hours. I'm not sure how he was able to go
through all those books that fast."


Student Worker $ "Do you see all of these books that I have to shift? Yeah, that's
because we got so many new ones that all go into one section. We could just
mysteriously 'lose' some of them, but no, they all have to be shifted."


Student Worker $ "Woah, I didn't see you there! No, I'm just taking a short break,
that's all, taking care of all these books really wears you out! Yeah! Hey, have
you seen this one book? If I found it, I could go home early, but it's nowhere!"
$ "That's the book! That's the one! That's it! That's the Magic Book of Air! Thank 
you so much! Now I can leave." 


None