"I heard someone moving around in the Electrical Storage Closet. You should check to make sure they are supposed to be in there."
"How do I get to the 7th Floor stacks?"
"Hi! Can you tell me where the bathrooms are?"
"I need help finding a book."
"Where am I?"
"I think I'm lost."
"Have you read this book before? It's my new favorite!"
"The stacks in the 2nd Floor North Tower are a mess."
"The stacks in the 3rd Floor North Tower are a mess."
"The stacks in the 3rd Floor South Tower are a mess."
"The stacks in the 4th Floor North Tower are a mess."
"The stacks in the 4th Floor South Tower are a mess."
"The stacks in the 4th Floor West Tower are a mess."
"The stacks in the 5th Floor North Tower are a mess."
"The stacks in the 6th Floor North Tower are a mess."
"The stacks in the 6th Floor East Tower are a mess."
"The stacks in the 6th Floor West Tower are a mess."
"The North Basement smells like mildew."
"The West Basement is scary. Who can do something about that?"
"I can't log on to my computer."
"I forgot my computer password."
"The other patrons in the Public Reading Space are being too loud."
"I can't find the Circulation Desk."
"Where can I go to ask a reference question?"
"Where is the nearest bathroom?"
"How many books do you have here?"
"I'm looking for a book by this one author. I think it was orange. Where can I find it?"
"I lost my keys. Where should I go?"
"How many study areas are there?"
"What's the quietest study area?"
"How many floors does the library have?"
"How many people work here?"
"Can you help me find a periodical?"
"Where are the books on botany?"
"Where are the books on computer science?"
"Where are the books on library science?"
"Where are the books on art?"
"Where are the books on music?"
"Where are the books on medieval society?"
"What should I do with my life?"
"I don't remember the title but the cover was blue with a dog."
"Can I get video games somewhere?"
"I'm hungry, where should I go?"
"I finished with some books so I reshelved them for you. I think they're right."
"Can I bring my mini horse in here?"
"This place is too quiet. Can you fix that?"
"Can you help me turn on the microfiche?"
"How many Laser Discs do you have?"
"Where can I find this one book on cassette tape?"
"How many books a day do you read?"
"Do you think I could be a librarian? I read a couple books a month."
"I dropped this book in a mud puddle. Do you still want it back?"
"Yo where's the books on anarchy?"
"Can you help me? You don't seem like you're very busy."
"Where do I find a computer?"
"Circulation said they're out of umbrellas but I really need one. Can you make an exception?"
"I think there's a leak somewhere. Will you make sure it gets fixed?"
"My dog chewed a few pages from this book but I don't think I should be fined. Can you remove my fees?"
"Do people even come here anymore? Tell me why you think your profession should exist."
"I think I need help but I'm not sure what I'm looking for."
"I can't remember what I was looking for but it was important. Can you help me?"
"This library isn't as big as the other one I went to. What are you going to do about that?"
"I need a book on cooking dinner for twelve in less than six hours."
"I returned this book but now Circulation says I never returned it. Can you look for it for me?"
"Do you have any medical books? I have a...problem but I don't want to see a doctor."
"This door is locked and I'm trying to get inside. Can you unlock it for me?"
"Someone else grabbed the book I wanted before I got there. Can you recall it for me?"
"I reshelved some books for you because I thought you needed help. By the way, are you hiring?"
"Why are you getting rid of books?"
"What happens to all the older books? Someone said you burned them."
"Is there going to be a book sale later this year?"
"Why can't I find the book I'm looking for?"
"I got stuck down in the basement. Who can I complain to about that?"
"I need a book on finding books. Where should I look?"
"I keep tripping over round bottles on the floor. What are those?"
