
The entrance to the library is spacious and composed of gray brick. There is a large wooden entrance desk
staffed by a battalion of security staff. As soon as you step into the library, a hush descends upon the atmosphere
and you are in awe of the sense of a great ocean of knowledge at your fingertips. You see something green hiding by
the chairs next to the entrance.


The public reading space is open and filled with low tables surrounded by short bookshelves. There are a number
of patrons reading at the tables, including a rather grumpy looking old man reading the newspaper with a scowl
on his face. A harried librarian stands by one of the bookshelves, searching for a book in a moment of calm from
the onslaught of patrons. There is something green hiding in the bookshelves.


The circulation desk looms across the back of the room, staffed with student assistants. Standing behind the students,
making sure everything is running smoothly and dealing with any problematic patrons is the head of circulation.
She looks wise and ready to help. You see a forgotten yellow book on the floor.


A comfy looking desk sits along one wall with windows directly behind it. A serious looking librarian with glasses
sits at the desk behind two computer monitors, a stack of thick books next to her. Something green is under a 
cushion. The rest of the room is filled with long, low tables, cozy rolling chairs, and plenty of outlets.


The public computer room is a bright room with tall glass walls on three sides. The ceiling is open and filled with
skylights, which let light stream in on a sunny day. Today the blustery winds are blowing freshly opened magnolia
blossoms across the dark sky as light rain patters against the panes. A technology librarian sits in one corner of
the room in a chintz armchair. You feel a strong magical force drawing you to one side of the room.


Thick stone walls on all four sides, the bathrooms faintly smell of lavender cleaner, matching the nearly unnoticeable
purple object. They are fairly clean, and thankfully, are completely empty.


A medium sized area between rooms, the carpeted elevator nook has two elevators that take patrons and staff to the
various floors of the library. There is also a concrete staircase next to the elevators, for those feeling ambitious.
If you look at the stairs, you might see something green.


Similar to the ground floor elevator nook, the basement nook is carpeted with brown carpet. The red bottle nearly 
completely blends in. There is a faint musty smell down here, which is never a good sign for any library.


The east basement has not been redone in many years. The walls are solid concrete, and there are a few bookshelves
throughout the room. The books down here are large and dusty, and do not seem to get very much use. One yellow book
seems out of place. There is a student bookshelver sitting in the corner sleeping behind the book cart.


The north basement is the largest of the basement rooms. It was recently redone, and smells like fresh carpet
and humidity. There are bookshelves lining the walls, and wide tables lining the center of the room. Next to
something green, a student worker is methodically straightening shelves, taking breaks to sip from a thermos 
of coffee.


The west basement looks like it used to be a storage room. There are shelves of boxes and uncatalogued materials from
wall to wall. You catch a glimpse of purple. Every time you breathe out, you can see small clouds of dust rising off 
the shelves. A student worker is lethargically pulling yellowed materials from the shelves onto a book cart, one item
at a time.


Smaller than the ground floor bathrooms, the basement bathrooms feel as though they could have been haunted at one
time. The lights are dim, and they occasionally flicker on and off, masking the green object. The bathrooms smell 
as though they have not been cleaned in a few days.


The electrical storage closet is a small, narrow closet that is filled with wires, plugs, and shelves of electrical
equipment. There is a consistent buzzing sound, and an elderly electrician is fiddling with a box of old wire scraps
near the back of the room.


The elevator nook and staircase doorway connect to the rest of the second floor. The gentle sounds of patrons working,
studying, and talking drift down the hallway and echo off the walls. Is there something red, or is that purple?


A reference librarian is walking down the long second floor hallway. Gray sunlight is filtering through the wide
windows, and other areas can be seen farther down the hall. You don't think she saw the book lying on the floor.


The second floor bathrooms are not very exciting. The usual gray tile, the all too common smell, nothing to see here!
Or is there?


This area is filled with low bookshelves. There are lots of windows in all the walls, and you can imagine how pleasant
it must be on a green, sunny day. A few students are studying, and the smell of coffee wafts throughout the room.


This part of the second floor is a maze of small offices and cubicles. It is easy to get lost in the dull red carpet
and thick gray-white stone walls. You take a left turn, then a right turn, and then another left turn, but before
you lose all hope, you see a digital curation librarian sitting in a dark windowless office, drinking from one of
many green bottles.


The media center is a dark room that contains a large collection of DVDs, CDs, Video Games, and other, older formats
that you can listen to or check out. Laser Discs, anyone? You step in the room and see an even darker office in the
back, staffed by the resident media specialist. Her favorite color is blue.


Ah, there is nothing quite like the fresh scent of coffee in the mornings! Well, except for the smell of fresh coffee
and donuts. You decide to step up to the counter to get some nourishment from the friendly cafe worker. You see that
they are offering a new red coffee.


The elevator nook and staircase doorway connect to the rest of the third floor. There is silence reverberating down
the hallway. Are you sure the library is open? You see a green potion sticking out from behind a chair.


The hallway is deserted. Not even a magic blue dust mite makes a sound. Maybe you should look somewhere else. But
that would depend what you're looking for, wouldn't it?


The third floor bathrooms! They are always in pristine condition. You love stopping in here when you need a rest
to recharge your stamina or an excuse to browse the internet on your phone for a while. 


One of the ruby gems of the library collection, there are books on books stacked up in this tower. There are always
a good number of students busy studying here, and you look to your left and see a student worker busy shelving books
with exuberance.


These offices are less labyrinthian than the second floor, but you still see an endless row of offices lining the
hallway. Most of the offices are empty, perhaps everyone is at a meeting or on an early lunch. But there is the
area studies librarian in her office, working diligently. She seems very quiet, intelligent, and stealthy. 


These stacks are filled with bound journals, mostly on esoteric subjects such as the philosophy of pagan religions
and the history of mages in 11th century Europe. You do a quick loop through the stacks but do not see anyone up here.
The silence recharges your energy.


The sound of bustling students scribbling in notebooks and furiously clacking fingers on keyboards comes from this
study area. Every table is filled with papers, laptops, and students, and sitting at the large round table in the
center of the room is the head writing tutor. She seems to be taking a quick break from helping anyone, and looks
exhausted.


The elevator nook and staircase doorway connect to the rest of the third floor. You think you hear footsteps echoing
down the hallway towards the elevator nook. Is it magic, or someone walking with purpose?


The friendly mathematics librarian greets you as you step into the long fourth floor hallway. It is good to see a
happy face up here. She was not as stealthy as you expected.


You step into the fourth floor bathrooms and find the custodian busy wiping down the sinks with green fluid and 
emptying the trash. You pause for a moment, resting.


These stacks are the quietest area of the library. As you step in among the tall shelves of books, a deep silence
descends upon your ears. Even the students busy studying and the patrons reading books are not making a sound as
they turn pages and type. You walk over to the far end of the stacks and look out of the tall window at the blossoming
trees. You feel as though you are being watched by a mystical, earthy force.


The fourth floor offices have much better views and more windows than the offices on the lower floors. The AC also
seems to be set on a much higher setting. You see the science librarian snacking on a bag of low-fat pretzels while
watching videos online. His windows are decorated with red silk curtains.


There are books on mathematics and various science topics here. As would make sense, there seem to be a large number
of students studying biology and chemistry here, at least as far as you can tell from molecular diagrams of purple
chemicals and crudely scribbled drawings of the Krebs Cycle.


The west stacks on the fourth floor are dusty and seem to be less used than the other areas on this floor. There are
a large number of empty shelves, and a giant sign in the entrance alerting patrons that these books are in the process
of moving to off-site storage. It looks as though one yellow book was forgotten on the shelves. There are no employees 
working in this area currently. They must not come in until later in the day, you decide.


The fifth floor! You step out onto light blue carpet and look around. You hear loud voices coming far down the
hallway, but you are not sure where from.


You walk down the hallway, enjoying the spacious views from the windows. From this high up, the green trees and
viridian bushes are starting to look like models.


These bathrooms are unremarkable. You do notice that one of the sinks is placed slightly closer to the wall than on
the other floors, and the paper towel dispenser is uncomfortably close to it. Magical. Thankfully there is no one 
else in here, and you avoid all awkward encounters.


Entering the north tower of the fifth floor, you see the shelving supervisor taking notes on a notepad. It looks
as though the library is preparing for a shift of these books, because upon closer inspection, you see that all
of the shelves up here are completely overcrowded. These books need to escape from the crowded shelves.


The fifth floor offices have soft music wafting out of them. You walk further into this area, and see the
music librarian working on music score acquisition while listening to a dramatic piece of classical music. You 
feel a strange pull to one of the boxes on the highest shelf.


This study area is full of the hustle and bustle of students, working on various projects. Some are flipping through
art journals while others are sketching in drawing notebooks. A few students have bulbous headphones on and are
conducting to themselves as they follow along with large music scores. You see the art librarian off to your right,
helping a student surrounded by a stack of red art books.


The lounge is long and filled with cozy chairs and low wooden coffee tables. There are gorgeous views from here,
as three sides are all glass windows. You look out and see the gray clouds are still billowing and the sky seems to
be getting darker and stormier. The data librarian is casually drinking coffee and staring out at the purple-black
clouds rolling in along the low rumbles of thunder.


The carpet on this floor is a light green color. It reminds you of your old middle school, and you are hit with a
wave of uncomfortable memories. You quickly keep walking with courage.


If you thought the views from the fifth floor were good, these are unbelievable. You can see another gray stone
building in the distance that looks like a cathedral. The tall spire on top looks like it is a prime target for the
impending thunderstorm. You feel recharged.


These bathrooms smell like they are often forgotten about. You look around, and not seeing much of interest nor
feeling rested, quickly turn around to head back out.


The books up here are mostly literature books of all different topics. There is a good balance of fiction and critical
analyses of the books. You quietly walk around, taking your time to browse through some of the stacks. Maybe you will 
have to come back here later to check out that book you havve been meaning to read for the last year.


There are more literature books in this tower. Here, they seem to be in foreign languages. You open a few books,
browsing to see how good your high school Finnish still is. You quickly shut the book and decide to try again later.
You always thought Finnish was a magical language.


This study area is relatively deserted compared to the ones on the other floors. You see the literature librarian
sitting at a table, sipping on a piping hot cup of tea. It smells like ginger and jasmine, perfect for perking up
your energy.


You look at the books in this area and see that they are on the culture and history of other countries. You pause to
flip through a few of the books, just enough to make you wish you took more classes that would have covered this type
of information rather than a third semester of Advanced Relaxation. The student worker shelving books here looks like
he is majoring in Relaxation, temporarily escaping from his work with books.


The elusive seventh floor! This area is far smaller than the lower floors. It has only a few study tables, and a small
selection of lesser used books. There are windows in all four walls, and you feel as though you are one with the sky.
There is a student worker carefully rearranging some of the books nearby.


This area of the seventh floor, like the others, has windows in all four walls. You can see the other tops of the
towers when you look around, and the ground below is so far down you feel as though you are suspended inside a cloud.
You feel recharged from the rush of being up so high. There is a student worker who is shifting a few of the books.


A fitting location for some unique books, this tower on the seventh floor has windows on all four sides of the room.
It has a cozy yet exposed feel to it, and while you feel a little nervous being up here with the wind blowing so
strongly, and the clouds growing so fast, you can imagine how nice it would be to sit up here during a gentle snowfall
in the winter, reading with a mug of hot cocoa. There is a student worker nearby who is doing just that, only he is
drinking an energy drink and is reading a yellow, irreverent book.


The four walls filled with windows make you feel exposed to the sky. This is truly a place where the earth meets the
upper realm of storms and clear skies. There is no one else up here, and you feel a spiritual connection to both the
library below you, and the infinite possibilities rising above you.
